README.md, before:

# vampa 🔥

![CI workflow](https://github.com/jackdbd/vampa/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)

Monorepo I use for my [Cloudflare Pages Functions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/) plugins and [Hono](https://github.com/honojs) middlewares.

## Installation

Clone the repo:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:jackdbd/vampa.git

cd vampa
```

Install all dependencies from npm.js:

```sh
npm install
```

## Development

This monorepo uses [Turborepo](https://turbo.build/repo) for local development.

```sh
npm run dev
```

## Build

Build all packages in this monorepo:

```sh
npm run build
```

Generate a file size report for each library:

```sh
npm run size
```

## Release

This monorepo uses [changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to manage CHANGELOGs and releases on npm.js.

When you want to include a change in the CHANGELOG of one or more packages, do the following.

1: Run this command from the monorepo root:

```sh
npx changeset add
```

2: Select which packages are affected by this change, and whether this change causes a major/minor/patch version bump.

3: Double check the generated markdown file in the [.changeset](./.changeset/README.md) folder. This file will be consumed by changesets when generiting the next release. You can also double check whether changesets will trigger a major/minor/patch version bump using this command:

```sh
npx changeset status
```

4: Commit your changes and push them to the remote repository. The [Changesets Release Action](https://github.com/changesets/action) will take care of publishing all affected packages to npm.js.

In order to work, Changesets Release Action requires that the `GITHUB_TOKEN` has the necessary permissions to create a Pull Request. On the GitHub repo,go to `Settings` → `Actions` → `General` → `Workflow permissions` and enable this checkbox.

![GitHub Workflow permissions required for Changesets Release Action](./assets/images/github-workflow-permissions.png)

Commit message:

update instructions for the GITHUB_TOKEN used by Changesets

README.md, after:

# vampa 🔥

![CI workflow](https://github.com/jackdbd/vampa/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)

Monorepo I use for my [Cloudflare Pages Functions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/) plugins and [Hono](https://github.com/honojs) middlewares.

## Installation

Clone the repo:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:jackdbd/vampa.git

cd vampa
```

Install all dependencies from npm.js:

```sh
npm install
```

## Development

This monorepo uses [Turborepo](https://turbo.build/repo) for local development.

```sh
npm run dev
```

## Build

Build all packages in this monorepo:

```sh
npm run build
```

Generate a file size report for each library:

```sh
npm run size
```

## Release

This monorepo uses [changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to manage CHANGELOGs and releases on npm.js.

When you want to include a change in the CHANGELOG of one or more packages, do the following.

1: Run this command from the monorepo root:

```sh
npx changeset add
```

2: Select which packages are affected by this change, and whether this change causes a major/minor/patch version bump.

3: Double check the generated markdown file in the [.changeset](./.changeset/README.md) folder. This file will be consumed by changesets when generiting the next release. You can also double check whether changesets will trigger a major/minor/patch version bump using this command:

```sh
npx changeset status
```

4: Commit your changes and push them to the remote repository. The [Changesets Release Action](https://github.com/changesets/action) will take care of publishing all affected packages to npm.js.

In order to work, Changesets Release Action requires that the `GITHUB_TOKEN` has **Read and write permissions** and can create a Pull Request. To set the permissions of the default `GITHUB_TOKEN` used in the workflows of this GitHub repo, go to `Settings` → `Actions` → `General` → `Workflow permissions`.

![GitHub Workflow permissions required for Changesets Release Action](./assets/images/github-workflow-permissions.png)
